SER-2902 Disable loan submit button for 5 seconds to avoid double clicks (#184)
one-acre-fund/fineract-frontend-v2: RELEASE_NOTES.md

    * [SER-2961] - Client's Date of Birth (DOB) should be available on the client profile.
    * [SER-2955] - Revise the global configuration pages to incorporate the new isStringValue flag field.

>     * [SER-2902] - Disable loan submit button for 5 seconds to avoid double clicks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [SER-2902] - Disable loan submit button for a specific period to avoid double clicks.
```

Author: @amydoxym  Done
